y - the dependent variable; if the costumer agrees to subscribe to a term deposit (see below) yes/no.


term deposit -  When you deposit money into a NORMAL savings account at a bank, you earn (low) interest on that money over time since the bank can now use that 		    money for it's other uses - the it's like compensation money. 
			
		A term deposit is a type of savings account that offers a higher interest rate than a regular savings account, but with some restrictions. When 			you open a term deposit, you agree to deposit a certain amount of money for a fixed period of time, ranging from several months to several 			years. During this time, you cannot withdraw the money without paying a penalty. In exchange for agreeing to these terms, the bank offers you a 		higher rate of interest on your deposit. 




Employment Variation Rate -   Measures the percentage change in employment relative to the previous period.
					It can be calculated for either a given job-sector or for the entire coutnry.



Consumer Price Index (CPI) -  is a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by consumers for a fixed basket of goods and services. In other 					words, it tracks how much the cost of a typical consumer's daily expenses, such as food, housing, transportation, and healthcare, 					changes over time.


Consumer Confidence Index (cons_conf_index) - a measure of the level of confidence or optimism that consumers have about the overall state of the economy and 								their personal   financial situation.



Age: The age of the customer.

Job: The type of job the customer has.

Marital: The marital status of the customer.

Education: The level of education completed by the customer.

Default: Whether or not the customer has credit in default.

Housing: Whether the customer has a housing loan or not.
Loan: Whether the customer has a personal loan or not.
Contact: The type of communication used to contact the customer (cellular, telephone, or unknown).
Month: The month of the year in which the last contact was made with the customer.
Day_of_week: The day of the week on which the last contact was made with the customer.
Duration: The duration of the last contact with the customer, in seconds.
Campaign: The number of contacts made during this campaign for this customer (including the last contact).
Pdays: The number of days that passed by after the customer was last contacted from a previous campaign (-1 means the customer was not previously contacted).
Previous: The number of contacts made before this campaign for this customer.
Poutcome: The outcome of the previous marketing campaign (success, failure, or unknown).
Emp.var.rate: The employment variation rate, which measures the change in employment rates over time.
Cons.price.idx: The consumer price index, which measures changes in the prices of goods and services.
Cons.conf.idx: The consumer confidence index, which measures consumer confidence in the economy.
Euribor3m: The 3-month Euribor rate, which is the interest rate at which European banks lend funds to each other.
Nr.employed: The number of employees in the bank.

